Zaid: In the previous lecture, we've seen how
to downgrade HTTPS websites to HTTP,
and this allowed us
to basically see anything a user does on these websites
because data and HTTP is sent in plain text.
Therefore, we were able to see the usernames, the passwords,
the URLs, and anything they do on HTTPS websites.
At the end of the lecture, I also showed you
that the method will not work against Facebook, Twitter,
and other websites that use HSTS.
The reason why it won't work against these websites,
because modern web browsers come with a list
of websites that they should only load over HTTPS.
See, what we were doing in the previous lecture,
whenever a browser requests a website, we load that website,
even if it uses HTTPS,
but we always give him back the HTTP version.
In HSTS, the browser knows that this website, for example,
facebook.com, should always be loaded over HTTPs.
So, even before sending this request to us,
it'll always send it in HTTPS,
and it'll always only accept it if it comes back as HTTPS.
So, there is nothing we can do really once we become
the man in the middle.
Because the browser is doing this check locally,
it's checking this against a list
that is stored on the computer itself.
Therefore, the only practical solution, at the moment,
to bypass HSTS
is to make the browser think
that it is loading another website.
To do this, we're gonna replace all HSTS links
in loaded pages to similar links,
but they're not the same links.
For example, we can replace facebook.com with facebook.corn.
Now, I know this seems very suspicious,
but trust me, when it goes into the URL bar,
the RN here at the middle, it'll seem very similar
to the M letter.
Another way of doing this, you can replace twitter.com
with twiter.com, but with a single T here
and instead of a double T.
I know this sounds a little bit confusing right now,
but let me go and do it practically
and you will see how this is gonna work.
So, right here I have my Kali machine,
and we're actually gonna use the HSTS caplet
that we used in the previous lecture.
As mentioned in the previous lecture,
this caplet is already installed in the custom Kali.
If you want to use it with the original Kali,
You'll have to manually download it
and place it in the right path in user, local,
share, bettercap, caplets.
I have the caplet right here.
Like I said, this is already the correct one
because I am using the custom Kali.
If we go inside it,
we have a file called hstshijack.cap.
This is the configuration file of the caplet,
so I'm gonna right-click it.
I'm gonna open it with Other Application.
I'm gonna click on View All Applications,
and you wanna pick any text editor that you have.
So, I'm gonna keep this at Leafpad.
You might have to scroll down
to find it, but I have it here.
I'm gonna Select, and as you can see,
we have a normal text file with all the configurations
that we can set, and I've already
pre-configured this for you.
The main things that you wanna understand
and maybe change is the targets and the replacements.
So, the targets are the domains that use HSTS
that you want to replace.
For example, I have twitter.com in here,
and I also have *.twitter.com.
Basically, when you use a star, this is a wild card
and it basically means any subdomain .twitter.com
is a target as well.
In the replacement, you wanna tell the program
what to replace this target with.
For example, whenever we see twitter.com,
we're gonna replace it with twitter.corn.
Similar goes for Facebook and Apple
and a few other domains that I set.
You can also play around with the obfuscate
and encode options.
I've set both of these to false
because basically what these will do,
they'll obfuscate the code and encode it,
but I noticed some browsers like Firefox will block
obfuscated or encoded code.
That's why I set both of these to false
so that the code is left as is.
Here in the payloads, you can set any other JavaScript code
that you want to inject.
Leave this the same.
We'll talk about JavaScript injection in a future lecture.
Finally, you wanna make sure
that the dns.spoof.domains are set exactly the same
as the replacements in here.
So, I literally copy this line and paste it here.
Now, I'm actually gonna keep all of this the same.
I don't need to modify any of it,
but like I said, if you're targeting different websites
or if you want to use different replacements, for example,
if you wanted to use a Twitter with a single T
and keep this .com, you can do that here.
If you wanted to use a Facebook with a single O
and keep this .com, again, instead of .corn,
you can do it here.
Once done, make sure you Save and quit this file
and we're ready to run the attack.
So, running this attack is actually gonna be identical
to what we did in the previous lecture.
You just wanna make sure you modify this file properly.
So, going back to bettercap, I'm gonna clear the screen,
run bettercap with the same command,
loading the spoof caplet,
so we can do all of the ARP spoofing commands
and run the sniffer all automatically.
And perfect, as you can see, everything is running
as expected with no errors.
If you run this and you get an error, just do Exit
and run bettercap again.
Next, we wanna run the caplet,
the HSTS hijack caplet exactly as shown
in the previous lecture.
All we have to do is type HS tab, it'll autocomplete for us
and hit Enter to run it.
Again, as you can see, no error.
So, everything is working as expected.
Let's go to the target machine
and see how this is going to work.
So, I have my Windows machine right here.
This is Chrome, the latest version,
and before I do anything, like I said, it's a good idea
to always just remove the browsing data.
And before I actually load any websites,
it is very important to understand that even with everything
that we're doing right now, if you try to go to Facebook
and type .com at the end here, it will not work.
What we're doing right now will not work
because Chrome, right here, has a list
that is stored on this computer that says,
do not load facebook.com unless it is loaded over HTTPS.
So, if you type Facebook right here like this,
it will not work.
The only way we can do this is if the user
first goes to search engine, for example, Google.ie
for Ireland, and then in Google,
as you can see, Google doesn't use HSTS.
So, we bypass this using the normal HTTPS bypass.
And then if the user in here searches
for their target website, for example, Facebook,
then our script is gonna run in the background
and it's going to replace all links in this page
for facebook.com with facebook.corn.
So, if I actually hover over this,
you'll see in the status bar, the website
that will be loaded is facebook.corn, not facebook.com.
This is fine here.
It's still says facebook.com,
but only in the code of the HTML page.
Facebook.com got replaced with facebook.corn.
So, if I click on this link, again, as you can see,
we get a normal Facebook page.
But if you look here on top, you'll see there is no HTTPS,
and if you look at the domain name,
you'll see it says .corn not .com.
Again, like I said, you can actually keep this .com
and use Facebook with one O, or you can add an extra O.
You can be as creative as you want with this.
This is just an example that I'm giving you.
Now, once we're here, we can log in normally
with my username, so zaid@zsecurity.org
and put my password one, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, nine, zero.
Hit Enter, and if we go back...
Scroll up.
Perfect.
As you can see,
we have the username zaid@zsecurity.org
and the password all the way up to nine, zero.
Now, like I said, the only way for this
to work is if the user gets to Facebook
through another website that does not use HSTS.
If they go on the URL bar
and type facebook.com themselves,
we will not be able to do this.
That's why this is considered as a partial solution
and not a full solution.